feat(changelog): partner-space-added-the-cost-manager-is-now-available-i 2025-07-16 (#5282)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/july2025/2025-07-16-partner-space-added-the-cost-manager-is-now-available-i.mdx

---

> title: The Cost manager is now available in the Partner Space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Cost manager is now available in the Partner Space
```

status: added
date: 2025-07-16
category: partners
product: partner-space
---

> The Partners can now consult the consumptions of their clients directly in the Console, in a new Partner space section called “Billing”.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partners can now consult their clients' consumption directly in the console, in a new Partner space section called “Billing”.
```

They can filter by:

> - Client - The customer organization name is displayed in the selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Client (by customer Organization name)
```

> Period - Currently you can filter by year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Period - Currently you can filter by year.
```

> - Period - Currently you can filter by year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Period (by year)
```

> Category - The product category (e.g. Compute, Storage, Containers). Each category corresponds to a different color in the consumption chart and in the detailed list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Category - The product category (e.g. Compute, Storage, Containers). Each category corresponds to a different color in the consumption chart and in the detailed list.
```

> - Category - The product category (e.g. Compute, Storage, Containers). Each category corresponds to a different color in the consumption chart and in the detailed list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Category (by product category, e.g. Compute, Storage, Containers, with each category corresponding to a different color in the consumption chart and detailed list)
```

> Product - The product itself. The consumption shown is the sum of all the products of the same type. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Product - The product itself. The consumption shown is the sum of all the products of the same type. 
```

> - Product - The product itself. The consumption shown is the sum of all the products of the same type. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Product (by product, with the consumption shown being the sum of all the products of the same type.)
```

> Read to the [documentation page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/partner-space/how-to/track-client-consumption/)  for more details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [documentation page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/partner-space/how-to/track-client-consumption/)  for more details
```
